#summary Building from source.

= Introduction =
Here are some instructions to build the extension from the source files. We have support compiling on linux and windows xp.

== Preparation ==
  # Download php source code from http://www.php.net/downloads.php. At the moment we have sucessfully compiled with php-5.2.10. 
  # Download the latest log4cxx (>= 0.10.0) from http://logging.apache.org/log4cxx/download.html
  # The logger has the same pre-requisites as php to compile. e.g. you will need an update gcc on linux and the msvc6 on windows.

== Building on Linux ==
  # Build log4cxx lib. This can be done using autotools, just follow the instructions at http://logging.apache.org/log4cxx/building/autotools.html.
  # Extract the php source file to someplace in you disk. Here we assume that the files are extracted to /tmp/php-5.2.10
{{{
  cd /tmp
  tar -xzfv php-5.2.10.tar.gz
}}}

  # Checkout and create the logger dir inside the php ext dir
{{{
  cd /tmp/php-5.2.10/ext
  svn checkout http://php-logger-extension.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ logger
}}}
  # Compile the extension. Here you will nedd to know the log4cxx lib dir (usually is /usr/local/lib)
{{{
  cd logger
  phpize
  ./configure --with-logger=[log4cxx lib dir]
  make
  make install
}}}
  # If everything is fine you have php_logger.so installed. Now you need to change your php.ini to load the extension, just add extension=php_logger.so to the list of load extensions.
  # If you are starting to use the extension check the examples on how to configure the logger for use.

== Building on Windows Xp ==
Coming soon.
	
	